Just twisted this around.
You said that she was correct and apologized <laugh> to all those yoga teachers
out there. their students.
No, it's a violation. If you're a guru and anything,
that's a teacher and below you're using that. You're manipulating that person.
Okay. But wasn't that like a big part of like, uh,
undergraduate students and professors back in the day.
<affirmative> they can't do that anymore. Yeah. That.
Was a big thing. No, in my high school,
like the basketball teacher ended up marrying like his best, uh,
girl basketball player. Hey. And you know, happy ending. Yeah. Worked out. Oh.
Well how old was she and him?
He was probably 30 something and she was 17. Whoa. When did they get married?
Playing basketball. <affirmative> I don't know. After they get,
they hook up after school. Uh, but during school, no,
apparently it was duringing and then they ended up, uh.
Was it legal then? No, it was on no, no, no, no, no.
In many states it probably was legal. I don't 17 in Jersey. Yes.
I guarantee it was what year?
19 85, 86 guarantee. It was, you could 17 was legal. Yeah. I bet.
It was legal. Really? I bets, I bet 16 was legal, right?
Yeah. In the last states.
It's not to say that there can't be a happy ending when somebody is the teacher
or the, or the guru.
Oh, I'm' on your side. I, I mean, it's definitely a violation,
but it is a manipulation. Yeah. What's the age of consent in 1980,
no New Jersey. Age of 16 years old.
16 <Affirmative> yep. Wow. I could have hit on this.
Crew. Okay. But hold on a second consent for sexual conduct, 16,
this applies to both heterosexual and homosexual conduct as a general matter.
This means that a person who is 16 years old can generally consent to have sex
with any adult. And this is in 2018 that's today. That's today. So,
so here's the thing. How crazy. So here, here's the thing, like, you know,
this Asia arentto thing, you know, this things going on right now. Yes. Yes.
So this 17 year old kid, right? When, uh, he had sex with her,
it was in California.
So he's saying it's sexual assault because she had sex with him.
And then she got Tony borte to pay this kid off
300 plus thousand dollars to shut his mouth.
And then it came out that she was a hypocrite because she seduced this kid and
him.
And she had played his mom in a movie 10 years prior when he was only seven,
which is really kind of crazy his pictures of her and the kid when the kid was
up when like a little kid. Oh geez.
And she stayed close to him and called him like her son.
And he would call her mom and stuff like that.
And then they got together and she lied about it and said she didn't him.
And then pictures came out of her, in bed with him.
And then her friends released text messages.
Was she she's a monster. Was.
It, was it way? Was he of legal age when they had sex?
This is my point. He was 17 at the time.
So it would've been totally legal if this happened in New Jersey,
but it happened in California,
but this is all going on while she was making a big deal of Harvey Weinstein,
having sex with her when she was 22, like Jesus Christ. Like that was hypocris.
I know, you know, the whole thing's crazy. But my point is, first of all,
let's be honest about that situation. I mean, seventeens,
he's gonna be okay. The I'm just saying, even if it's illegal. Yeah.
It's just not the same four boys. It is not the same. No.
Should she have done it? Yeah, probably not. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely.
Probably not. Should she be locked up in a cage for 10 years from doing that?
No, she's a freak. All right. That lady's a freak.
Yeah. Yeah. So she was, he was 17, but she's more.
Guilty of being a hypocrite than anything.
Did she stay in touch with him all those years from she was playing the mom.
Yes.
The real creepy pictures.
Her in the movie with him-huh when he was like a little kid Uh-huh <affirmative>
were like, oh,
but it's not as creepy as Woody Allen when he had his daughter sitting on his
lap. And then 10 years later,
that same daughter is holding his hand as his girlfriend in a,
in the front row of a basketball game.
Yeah. That's kind of weird. <laugh> I think that's.
A little weird way. Creepy beer. <laugh> that's way in, you know,
that is so weird. I don't know if there's even a reason to make that comparison,
but, uh, my point is that kid would've no case at all.
If this was in New Jersey, right. It was in New Jersey,
which I don't think he should have a.
Case. Does he, is he prosecuting like, or he, he.
Apparently threatened to go public with it and he wanted money and they gave him
money. Anthony Bourdain did. Yeah. And.
Gave him a lot, 300.
$380,000. Oh my God.
And even that, after he got paid, he comes.
Out. That is the most expensive Dick that lady will ever get <laugh>.
Then he comes.
Out, he comes, it came out anyway. I don't know why it came out.
I don't know who released it. Harvey Weinstein. Somebody, somebody released it.
I don't know what happened,
but what they're basically showing is that th this whole
thing, you know, of her attacking, being attacked by Harvey Weinstein,
it's complicated. Right? Maybe he did exactly what she said he did.
It's possible, but she clearly is deceptive.
Definitely lied about this kid. Yeah. See,
the problem is the age of consent being 17. If, if it was 18 or if it was,
you know, if he was 18 rather, or if it was like a New Jersey where at 16,
there's no case. And she just a young kid. And I'm just gonna be honest.
The only thing that's creepy is that they had this sort of,
of mom son thing going on, where they talked about each other as mom and son.
Yeah. That's weird. If she was just a hot 35 year old who had sex with a,
a handsome 17 year old boy, right?
It's seventeens a that's a man.
It's not the same thing. It's not the same thing.
If it was a 35 year old man and a 17 year old girl, she directed the movie too.
Does that change anything?
I don't know. She directed the movie movie. The new one. Like, no, no.
The movie 10 years ago when he was a 17 year old or a seven year old brother.
Mm. Yeah. I don't know, man. You know, my, my, she was 37 when she was seven,
17, sorry, 30. She was 37 when he was 17. Yeah, she did.
She didn't make a move. When, when he was seven though.
No, she was waited till he was 17. She's a good person. <laugh> yeah.
She's.
An, she, she got close to the wire. She's like,
I can't hold on anymore enough.
Already. It's will you move to New Jersey? I won't. Well, they just.
Get over here. Here's the issue I do. Don't I,
I just don't think it's the same thing now.
I think the only thing she's really guilty of here is hypocrisy and deception.
I don't think she's guilty of a sex crime,
even though she technically is in my mind. I mean, maybe I'm am I a sexist?
I don't know if I am I'm sexist against men when I just think,
I think the guy's okay. I, I just don't, I don't buy that. He was so damaged,
but if he was not, cause he was that damaged from her, he would've been da,
he would've been damaged from a girl who was his age too. Who him.
And then didn't call him again. Right.
That's the thing that' mean that's just emotions. That's not a crime. You know.
You hear, you hear this argument. It's like, well,
a boy can be affected for sure. Everyone can be affected. Yeah. And when you're,
if you're not a crime, you know,
in some of these instances where the teacher sleeps with the kid and right.
And it's a boy and he is 14 and people are like, oh, come on. He,
he would love it. He's he's a four, not 14. You're still don't know who you are.
You're still mixed.
Up. And again, we're back's to teacher, student dynamic. Yes. It's a different.
Situation. She's.
Manipulating you. Right? So the question is,
is this dynamic equal to the teacher student?
Because she was the director and she played his mother and they,
she clearly had some sort of a maternal love, uh,
like sort of relationship with him early on. And then it became sexual later.
But then she says he jumped her. She says the horny kid jumped me.
That's what she said, her texts to her friend when she's being a honest.
Oh really? Yeah. So maybe he did,
maybe he was in love and pining for her the whole time. Yeah.
Maybe that's one of the reasons why he came out and wanted money in the first
place.
Cause he trying to get back at her because she didn't wanna have anything to do
with him anymore. And maybe they had a couple of drinks together and she,
you know, she just didn't know what to do when he started making moves on her.
Mm-hmm and so she because she's crazy. Mm-hmm <affirmative> that's possible too.
Yeah. I mean, what is a, is it a crime? I mean, what, what you're telling,
you're talking about a crime where if it was 200 days later, it's not a crime.
Like really, is he gonna learn a lot in 200 days? Well, the law is.
The law. Joe, the law is the law. Mr. Drag, over there, you gotta pay.
You gotta, you know, the law laws are on the books for a reason, Joe.
And then law says 17, doesn't say 16 and a half. It says 17 for a reason.
Mm.
Johnny lawyer over here. <laugh> this.
Guy. Well, it really that's what it comes down to it. Yeah. It's like we,
because it's so gray and because there's so, so many things that could happen,
you really have to be come down to well, is there a lot? They.
Should have to pull your pants out. How much Prebes you got?
Let me see what you got. How bigs your Dick. <laugh> you're full grown.
What the out here. That's.
Not fair. Oh, I.
Pretty lady banged. You. Iremember.
This. I had a friend of mine in who grew hair when he was like 12.
He was the Hart little Italian kid. He had a mustache full beard at 13.
I'm sure his pubes were gigantic. Good. <laugh>.
Legal. Asiagento go that guy. <laugh>.
He couldn't help it.
He would get a haircut and would grow back by the time he got in the car <laugh>
he was just Italian.
Yeah. Um, it's very complicated. You know, the thing about her too is, you know,
she had a consensual sexual relationship with Harvey Weinstein after the alleged
incident where he ate her pusity and she didn't want him to.
Well, that's like the Cosby thing. They keep coming back.
There was a couple that came back and, and it's.
Like, you don't, but wait a minute.
Were they aware that he drugged them the first time?
I don't know the details. Right? It sounded like it. Yeah.
It sounded like they knew something was weird, but then they came back anyway.
But again, you.
Don't exonerate someone from a rape just because after the rape you're.
Friendly with 'em. Right. Because you, you know, it's a big mental impact.
You don't know what's going on with these. Well, not.
Just that,
it's some people they want to me mitigate the effects of being raped by turning
into something different.
So they like maybe would establish a consensual relationship with the person
after they raped them.
To try and take their power back a little.
Well, not just that self, self to self relieve themselves of the,
the feeling of being a victim.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like may almost make it consensual. Yeah.
There's like a weird psychological dynamic that you and I will never know,
understand as men. Yeah. We'll never understand it. No, cause it's not the same.
It's just not the same. No.
It's not. So if she went back, you know, with Harvey and who, you know, like if.
A woman can't tell comes over your house, right. Okay. If you're a single guy,
am.
I in a cabin? Is it.
A little cabin? Yeah. A little tiny 320 <laugh> it's you're in big bear.
You I'm in big bear youre wearing flannels and you're cutting wood. Okay.
And a girl comes over and she sucks your Dick against your will.
Uh-huh you like, don't stop. I can't believe you're doing this. God. And,
and then once it's over, you're like, well, I don't wanna feel like I got raped.
I'm just gonna establish a, a relationship with this lady. Right.
People would be like, shut the up, Tom, Papa up. Get outta here. What.
Was that? Michael Douglas?
The difference is because you're a guy, right?
So you're not worried about your physical safety, right? This is the real issue.
Physical safety. I can't get pregnant. Right.
I used to work out at this gay gym.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I used to work out at a golds gym on Cole and I say gay
gym, cuz it was just like a lot of gay guys,
like really obvious over tan, you know,
gay guys with like super thin tank tops and giant muscles
and combat boots and real aggressive. Yeah. Leather, uh,
like paper, boy hats on mother working out. I had a friend gay,
but my point is, go ahead while I was in there working out. Yeah.
These guys had hit on you. Right. And,
and you'd feel like guys were looking at you and hitting on you and it made you
uncomfortable. Well, welcome to being a woman. Yeah. But not even really,
because I could those guys up. Right. So I wasn't worried,
like if a guy tries to go to the parking lot, I'd be like, Hey dude, we're go.
This is gonna get violent. Yeah. Don't try, stop trying to me. Right. You know,
like I can actually you up. Whereas if I'm a girl,
I have to worry that I'm fumbling for my keys and this guy's behind me in the
parking lot. Yeah. And they wanna push me into the car and take my pants off.
This is a real concern for women. Yeah. That men don't have.
So our ideas of what it would be like to be in a non-consensual relationship
with a woman where she sucks your Dick against your will is just not comparable.
It's a great point.
I mean that's when that Michael Douglas movie came out and it was the same
thing. It was the reverse. Sh she, I forget which movie it was. He,
she goes down on him and he's like, no, stop it. It's a work relationship.
And he's like, stop don't fatal attraction. No, it wasn't fatal attraction.
It wasn't behind the candle Abra. It was, uh,
it was another movie and it became like a thing. It became like a,
like a joke because disclosure as a disclosure,
because as a and who was the star? Demi Moore. Demi.
Moore. That's hilarious.
Yeah. So she goes down on him and everyone.
They were trying to make the case that it could happen to a man too.
And shut up. The culture was like, no, yes, thank.
God. Here it is. Yeah. She's a predator. Yeah. She's a predator.
I't believe this. Shut the. And he's up like get off of who wrote that?
A fantastic sex thriller masterfully done. That's fake news.
<laugh> who wrote that? Well.
Good for them putting it out there and giving it a try.
I like how they always have that like w CN TV,
some you've never heard of WW O R TV. Get't the outta here.
What is that? Like? They they' just now forget it for any quote whatsoever.
So they just take some wonky quote from the some Boisey news station. Right.
Some guy's drunk when he writes that he's barely paying attention, but now it's.
Just someone with a blog. It's like Don's movie.
Hu <laugh> <laugh> he loved. I've got.